**V1.2.1 Release Notes**

# Feature

- [Feature] Resource Access allows step-by-step account integration with support for previewing the quantity of resources.
- [Feature] Resource Access accounts are presented in a tree structure corresponding to the cloud provider.
- [Feature] Resource Access accounts show the synchronization status of resources.
- [Feature] Resource Access accounts can sync the list of cloud user accounts associated with them.
- [Feature] Resource Access features a recycle bin functionality, showcasing recycle information by account with support for setting a default duration.
- [Feature] Addition of a recycle bin function to business operations.
- [Feature] During host purchase, selecting security groups supports rule preview and ordering of the groups.
- [Feature] Host purchase offers the ability to select machine types and image categories.
- [Feature] Host purchase includes support for notes on requisition forms.
- [Feature] Purchasing hosts under Resource Access does not require approval.
- [Feature] Supports allocating individual resources to a business.
- [Feature] Enables batch operation capabilities for resources, such as powering on, off, and rebooting hosts.
- [Feature] Host list provides field display and sorting functionalities.
- [Feature] Resource status synchronization shows any exceptional information.
- [Feature] Supports asynchronous task execution.

# Optimize

- [Optimize] Change of menu names.
- [Optimize] Front-end UX experience enhancements.